But if we confess our sins to him, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all wickedness. (1 John 1:9 NLT)
Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is God’s will for you who belong to Christ Jesus. (1 Thessalonians 5:18 NLT)
You will enjoy the fruit of your labor. How joyful and prosperous you will be! (Psalm 128:2 NLT)
And whatever you do or say, do it as a representative of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks through him to God the Father. (Colossians 3:17 NLT)
For the more we suffer for Christ, the more God will shower us with his comfort through Christ. (2 Corinthians 1:5 NLT)
So encourage each other and build each other up, just as you are already doing. (1 Thessalonians 5:11 NLT)
Dear friend, I hope all is well with you and that you are as healthy in body as you are strong in spirit. (3 John 2 NLT)
So let it grow, for when your endurance is fully developed, you will be perfect and complete, needing nothing. (James 1:4 NLT)
In the same way, wisdom is sweet to your soul. If you find it, you will have a bright future, and your hopes will not be cut short. (Proverbs 24:14 NLT)
Don’t worry about anything; instead, pray about everything ...  His peace will guard your hearts ...  (Philippians 4:6–7 NLT)
Work hard to show the results of your salvation, obeying God with deep reverence and fear. For God is working in you, giving you the desire and the power to do what pleases him. (Philippians 2:12–13 NLT)
He leads the humble in doing right, teaching them his way. (Psalm 25:9 NLT)
In view of all this, make every effort to respond to God’s promises. Supplement your faith with a generous provision of moral excellence, and moral excellence with knowledge, (2 Peter 1:5 NLT)
A friend is always loyal, and a brother is born to help in time of need. (Proverbs 17:17 NLT)
God places the lonely in families; he sets the prisoners free and gives them joy. But he makes the rebellious live in a sun-scorched land. (Psalm 68:6 NLT)
First, help me never to tell a lie. Second, give me neither poverty nor riches! Give me just enough to satisfy my needs. (Proverbs 30:8 NLT)
For you answer our prayers. All of us must come to you. (Psalm 65:2 NLT)
You didn’t choose me. I chose you. I appointed you to go and produce lasting fruit, so that the Father will give you whatever you ask for, using my name. (John 15:16 NLT)
When he prays to God, he will be accepted. And God will receive him with joy and restore him to good standing. (Job 33:26 NLT)
Suppose you see a brother or sister who has no food or clothing, and you say, “Good-bye and have a good day; stay warm and eat well” ...  What good does that do? (James 2:15–16 NLT)
He grants the desires of those who fear him; he hears their cries for help and rescues them. (Psalm 145:19 NLT)
Keep alert at all times. And pray that you might be strong enough to escape these coming horrors and stand before the Son of Man.” (Luke 21:36 NLT)
For we are God’s masterpiece. He has created us anew in Christ Jesus, so we can do the good things he planned for us long ago. (Ephesians 2:10 NLT)
And now, O Lord, hear their threats, and give us, your servants, great boldness in preaching your word. (Acts 4:29 NLT)
How wonderful and pleasant it is when brothers live together in harmony! (Psalm 133:1 NLT)
Study this Book of Instruction continually. Meditate on it day and night so you will be sure to obey everything written in it. Only then will you prosper and succeed in all you do. (Joshua 1:8 NLT)
The LORD is close to all who call on him, yes, to all who call on him in truth. (Psalm 145:18 NLT)
Rather, you must grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. All glory to him, both now and forever! Amen. (2 Peter 3:18 NLT)
For we are not fighting against flesh-and-blood enemies, but ... against evil spirits in the heavenly places. (Ephesians 6:12 NLT)
Keep me safe, O God, for I have come to you for refuge. (Psalm 16:1 NLT)
Have mercy on me, O God, because of your unfailing love. Because of your great compassion, blot out the stain of my sins. (Psalm 51:1 NLT)
I pray that from his glorious, unlimited resources he will empower you with inner strength through his Spirit. (Ephesians 3:16 NLT)
But the LORD made the earth by his power, and he preserves it by his wisdom. With his own understanding he stretched out the heavens. (Jeremiah 10:12 NLT)
For the LORD your God is living among you .... He will take delight in you with gladness. With his love, he will calm all your fears. He will rejoice over you with joyful songs.” (Zephaniah 3:17 NLT)
So the LORD must wait for you to come to him so he can show you his love and compassion. For the LORD is a faithful God. Blessed are those who wait for his help. (Isaiah 30:18 NLT)
He is the Rock; his deeds are perfect. Everything he does is just and fair. He is a faithful God who does no wrong; how just and upright he is! (Deuteronomy 32:4 NLT)
You are the God of great wonders! You demonstrate your awesome power among the nations. (Psalm 77:14 NLT)
But you are pure and cannot stand the sight of evil. (Habakkuk 1:13 NLT)
Their trust should be in God, who richly gives us all we need for our enjoyment. (1 Timothy 6:17 NLT)
It is God alone who judges; he decides who will rise and who will fall. (Psalm 75:7 NLT)
Jesus Christ ... is the faithful witness to these things, the first to rise from the dead, and the ruler of all the kings of the world. (Revelation 1:5 NLT)
But when the Father sends the Advocate ... he will teach you everything and will remind you of everything I have told you. (John 14:26 NLT)
The LORD is watching everywhere, keeping his eye on both the evil and the good. (Proverbs 15:3 NLT)
Only I can tell you the future before it even happens. Everything I plan will come to pass, for I do whatever I wish. (Isaiah 46:10 NLT)
They will receive the LORD’s blessing and have a right relationship with God their savior. (Psalm 24:5 NLT)
You must worship no other gods, for the LORD, whose very name is Jealous, is a God who is jealous about his relationship with you. (Exodus 34:14 NLT)
The LORD is compassionate and merciful, slow to get angry and filled with unfailing love. (Psalm 103:8 NLT)
If you openly declare that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. (Romans 10:9 NLT)
Father to the fatherless, defender of widows— this is God, whose dwelling is holy. (Psalm 68:5 NLT)
Now all glory to God, who is able, through his mighty power at work within us, to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think. Glory to him in the church and in Christ Jesus through all generations forever and ever! Amen. (Ephesians 3:20–21 NLT)
I pray that God, the source of hope, will fill you completely with joy and peace because you trust in him. Then you will overflow with confident hope through the power of the Holy Spirit. (Romans 15:13 NLT)
All honor and glory to God forever and ever! He is the eternal King, the unseen one who never dies; he alone is God. Amen. (1 Timothy 1:17 NLT)
Now may the God of peace make you holy in every way, and may your whole spirit and soul and body be kept blameless until our Lord Jesus Christ comes again. God will make this happen, for he who calls you is faithful. (1 Thessalonians 5:23–24 NLT)
Now may our Lord Jesus Christ himself and God our Father, who loved us and by his grace gave us eternal comfort and a wonderful hope, comfort you and strengthen you in every good thing you do and say. (2 Thessalonians 2:16–17 NLT)
Oh, how great are God’s riches and wisdom and knowledge! How impossible it is for us to understand his decisions and his ways! (Romans 11:33 NLT)
All glory to him who loves us and has freed us from our sins by shedding his blood for us. He has made us a Kingdom of priests for God his Father. All glory and power to him forever and ever! Amen. (Revelation 1:5–6 NLT)
Amen! Blessing and glory and wisdom and thanksgiving and honor and power and strength belong to our God forever and ever! Amen. (Revelation 7:12 NLT)
Then you will experience God’s peace, which exceeds anything we can understand. His peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:7 NLT)
But if we confess our sins to him, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all wickedness. (1 John 1:9 NLT)
So now there is no condemnation for those who belong to Christ Jesus. (Romans 8:1 NLT)
But God showed his great love for us by sending Christ to die for us while we were still sinners. (Romans 5:8 NLT)
He has removed our sins as far from us as the east is from the west. (Psalm 103:12 NLT)
“I—yes, I alone—will blot out your sins for my own sake and will never think of them again. (Isaiah 43:25 NLT)
This means that anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun! (2 Corinthians 5:17 NLT)