But if we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous, forgiving us our sins and cleansing us from all unrighteousness. (1 John 1:9 NET)
in everything give thanks. For this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus. (1 Thessalonians 5:18 NET)
You will eat what you worked so hard to grow. You will be blessed and secure. (Psalm 128:2 NET)
And whatever you do in word or deed, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him. (Colossians 3:17 NET)
For just as the sufferings of Christ overflow toward us, so also our comfort through Christ overflows to you. (2 Corinthians 1:5 NET)
Therefore encourage one another and build up each other, just as you are in fact doing. (1 Thessalonians 5:11 NET)
Dear friend, I pray that all may go well with you and that you may be in good health, just as it is well with your soul. (3 John 2 NET)
And let endurance have its perfect effect, so that you will be perfect and complete, not deficient in anything. (James 1:4 NET)
Likewise, know that wisdom is sweet to your soul; if you have found it, you have a future, and your hope will not be cut off. (Proverbs 24:14 NET)
Do not be anxious about anything. Instead, in every situation, through prayer and petition with thanksgiving, tell your requests to God. And the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and minds in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:6–7 NET)
So then, my dear friends, just as you have always obeyed, not only in my presence but even more in my absence, continue working out your salvation with awe and reverence, for the one bringing forth in you both the desire and the effort—for the sake of his good pleasure—is God. (Philippians 2:12–13 NET)
May he show the humble what is right. May he teach the humble his way. (Psalm 25:9 NET)
For this very reason, make every effort to add to your faith excellence, to excellence, knowledge; (2 Peter 1:5 NET)
A friend loves at all times, and a relative is born to help in adversity. (Proverbs 17:17 NET)
He was a devout, God-fearing man, as was all his household; he did many acts of charity for the people and prayed to God regularly. (Acts 10:2 NET)
Remove falsehood and lies far from me; do not give me poverty or riches, feed me with my allotted portion of bread, (Proverbs 30:8 NET)
You hear prayers; all people approach you. (Psalm 65:2 NET)
You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you to go and bear fruit, fruit that remains, so that whatever you ask the Father in my name he will give you. (John 15:16 NET)
He entreats God, and God delights in him, he sees God’s face with rejoicing, and God restores to him his righteousness. (Job 33:26 NET)
If a brother or sister is poorly clothed and lacks daily food, and one of you says to them, “Go in peace, keep warm and eat well,” but you do not give them what the body needs, what good is it? (James 2:15–16 NET)
He satisfies the desire of his loyal followers; he hears their cry for help and delivers them. (Psalm 145:19 NET)
But stay alert at all times, praying that you may have strength to escape all these things that must happen, and to stand before the Son of Man.” (Luke 21:36 NET)
For we are his creative work, having been created in Christ Jesus for good works that God prepared beforehand so we can do them. (Ephesians 2:10 NET)
And now, Lord, pay attention to their threats, and grant to your servants to speak your message with great courage, (Acts 4:29 NET)
Look! How good and how pleasant it is when brothers truly live in unity. (Psalm 133:1 NET)
This law scroll must not leave your lips. You must memorize it day and night so you can carefully obey all that is written in it. Then you will prosper and be successful. (Joshua 1:8 NET)
The LORD is near all who cry out to him, all who cry out to him sincerely. (Psalm 145:18 NET)
But grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be the honor both now and on that eternal day. (2 Peter 3:18 NET)
For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the powers, against the world rulers of this darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavens. (Ephesians 6:12 NET)
Protect me, O God, for I have taken shelter in you. (Psalm 16:1 NET)
Have mercy on me, O God, because of your loyal love. Because of your great compassion, wipe away my rebellious acts. (Psalm 51:1 NET)
I pray that according to the wealth of his glory he will grant you to be strengthened with power through his Spirit in the inner person, (Ephesians 3:16 NET)
The LORD is the one who by his power made the earth. He is the one who by his wisdom established the world. And by his understanding he spread out the skies. (Jeremiah 10:12 NET)
The LORD your God is in your midst; he is a warrior who can deliver. He takes great delight in you; he renews you by his love; he shouts for joy over you.” (Zephaniah 3:17 NET)
For this reason the LORD is ready to show you mercy; he sits on his throne, ready to have compassion on you. Indeed, the LORD is a just God; all who wait for him in faith will be blessed. (Isaiah 30:18 NET)
As for the Rock, his work is perfect, for all his ways are just. He is a reliable God who is never unjust, he is fair and upright. (Deuteronomy 32:4 NET)
You are the God who does amazing things; you have revealed your strength among the nations. (Psalm 77:14 NET)
You are too just to tolerate evil; you are unable to condone wrongdoing. So why do you put up with such treacherous people? Why do you say nothing when the wicked devour those more righteous than they are? (Habakkuk 1:13 NET)
Command those who are rich in this world’s goods not to be haughty or to set their hope on riches, which are uncertain, but on God who richly provides us with all things for our enjoyment. (1 Timothy 6:17 NET)
For God is the judge. He brings one down and exalts another. (Psalm 75:7 NET)
and from Jesus Christ—the faithful witness, the firstborn from among the dead, the ruler over the kings of the earth. To the one who loves us and has set us free from our sins at the cost of his own blood (Revelation 1:5 NET)
But the Advocate, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, will teach you everything, and will cause you to remember everything I said to you. (John 14:26 NET)
The eyes of the LORD are in every place, keeping watch on those who are evil and those who are good. (Proverbs 15:3 NET)
who announces the end from the beginning and reveals beforehand what has not yet occurred; who says, ‘My plan will be realized, I will accomplish what I desire;’ (Isaiah 46:10 NET)
Such godly people are rewarded by the LORD, and vindicated by the God who delivers them. (Psalm 24:5 NET)
For you must not worship any other god, for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God. (Exodus 34:14 NET)
The LORD is compassionate and merciful; he is patient and demonstrates great loyal love. (Psalm 103:8 NET)
because if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. (Romans 10:9 NET)
He is a father to the fatherless and an advocate for widows. God rules from his holy dwelling place. (Psalm 68:5 NET)
God settles in their own homes those who have been deserted; he frees prisoners and grants them prosperity. But sinful rebels live in the desert. (Psalm 68:6 NET)
Now to him who by the power that is working within us is able to do far beyond all that we ask or think, to him be the glory in the church and in Christ Jesus to all generations, forever and ever. Amen. (Ephesians 3:20–21 NET)
Now may the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you believe in him, so that you may abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. (Romans 15:13 NET)
Now to the eternal king, immortal, invisible, the only God, be honor and glory forever and ever! Amen. (1 Timothy 1:17 NET)
Now may the God of peace himself make you completely holy and may your spirit and soul and body be kept entirely blameless at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. He who calls you is trustworthy, and he will in fact do this. (1 Thessalonians 5:23–24 NET)
Now may our Lord Jesus Christ himself and God our Father, who loved us and by grace gave us eternal comfort and good hope, encourage your hearts and strengthen you in every good thing you do or say. (2 Thessalonians 2:16–17 NET)
Oh, the depth of the riches and wisdom and knowledge of God! How unsearchable are his judgments and how unfathomable his ways! (Romans 11:33 NET)
For from him and through him and to him are all things. To him be glory forever! Amen. (Romans 11:36 NET)
and from Jesus Christ—the faithful witness, the firstborn from among the dead, the ruler over the kings of the earth. To the one who loves us and has set us free from our sins at the cost of his own blood and has appointed us as a kingdom, as priests serving his God and Father—to him be the glory and the power for ever and ever! Amen. (Revelation 1:5–6 NET)
saying, “Amen! Praise and glory, and wisdom and thanksgiving, and honor and power and strength be to our God for ever and ever. Amen!” (Revelation 7:12 NET)
And the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and minds in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:7 NET)
But if we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous, forgiving us our sins and cleansing us from all unrighteousness. (1 John 1:9 NET)
There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus. (Romans 8:1 NET)
But God demonstrates his own love for us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. (Romans 5:8 NET)
As far as the eastern horizon is from the west, so he removes the guilt of our rebellious actions from us. (Psalm 103:12 NET)
I, I am the one who blots out your rebellious deeds for my sake; your sins I do not remember. (Isaiah 43:25 NET)
So then, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; what is old has passed away —look, what is new has come! (2 Corinthians 5:17 NET)