If we confess our sins, He is faithful and righteous to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. (1 John 1:9 NAS)
in everything give thanks; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus. (1 Thessalonians 5:18 NAS)
When you shall eat of the fruit of your hands, You will be happy and it will be well with you. (Psalm 128:2 NAS)
Whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks through Him to God the Father. (Colossians 3:17 NAS)
For just as the sufferings of Christ are ours in abundance, so also our comfort is abundant through Christ. (2 Corinthians 1:5 NAS)
Therefore encourage one another and build up one another, just as you also are doing. (1 Thessalonians 5:11 NAS)
Beloved, I pray that in all respects you may prosper and be in good health, just as your soul prospers. (3 John 2 NAS)
And let endurance have its perfect result, so that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing. (James 1:4 NAS)
Know that wisdom is thus for your soul; If you find it, then there will be a future, And your hope will not be cut off. (Proverbs 24:14 NAS)
Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God, which surpasses all comprehension, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:6–7 NAS)
So then, my beloved, just as you have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your salvation with fear and trembling; for it is God who is at work in you, both to will and to work for His good pleasure. (Philippians 2:12–13 NAS)
He leads the humble in justice, And He teaches the humble His way. (Psalm 25:9 NAS)
Now for this very reason also, applying all diligence, in your faith supply moral excellence, and in your moral excellence, knowledge. (2 Peter 1:5 NAS)
A friend loves at all times, And a brother is born for adversity. (Proverbs 17:17 NAS)
a devout man and one who feared God with all his household, and gave many alms to the Jewish people and prayed to God continually. (Acts 10:2 NAS)
Keep deception and lies far from me, Give me neither poverty nor riches; Feed me with the food that is my portion. (Proverbs 30:8 NAS)
O You who hear prayer, To You all men come. (Psalm 65:2 NAS)
“You did not choose Me but I chose you, and appointed you that you would go and bear fruit, and that your fruit would remain, so that whatever you ask of the Father in My name He may give to you. (John 15:16 NAS)
Then he will pray to God, and He will accept him, That he may see His face with joy, And He may restore His righteousness to man. (Job 33:26 NAS)
If a brother or sister is without clothing and in need of daily food, and one of you says to them, “Go in peace, be warmed and be filled,” and yet you do not give them what is necessary for their body, what use is that? (James 2:15–16 NAS)
He will fulfill the desire of those who fear Him; He will also hear their cry and will save them. (Psalm 145:19 NAS)
“But keep on the alert at all times, praying that you may have strength to escape all these things that are about to take place, and to stand before the Son of Man.” (Luke 21:36 NAS)
For we are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared beforehand so that we would walk in them. (Ephesians 2:10 NAS)
“And now, Lord, take note of their threats, and grant that Your bond-servants may speak Your word with all confidence, (Acts 4:29 NAS)
Behold, how good and how pleasant it is For brothers to dwell together in unity! (Psalm 133:1 NAS)
“This book of the law shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do according to all that is written in it; for then you will make your way prosperous, and then you will have success. (Joshua 1:8 NAS)
The LORD is near to all who call upon Him, To all who call upon Him in truth. (Psalm 145:18 NAS)
but grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To Him be the glory, both now and to the day of eternity. Amen. (2 Peter 3:18 NAS)
For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the powers, against the world forces of this darkness, against the spiritual forces of wickedness in the heavenly places. (Ephesians 6:12 NAS)
Preserve me, O God, for I take refuge in You. (Psalm 16:1 NAS)
Be gracious to me, O God, according to Your lovingkindness; According to the greatness of Your compassion blot out my transgressions. (Psalm 51:1 NAS)
that He would grant you, according to the riches of His glory, to be strengthened with power through His Spirit in the inner man, (Ephesians 3:16 NAS)
It is He who made the earth by His power, Who established the world by His wisdom; And by His understanding He has stretched out the heavens. (Jeremiah 10:12 NAS)
“The LORD your God is in your midst, A victorious warrior. He will exult over you with joy, He will be quiet in His love, He will rejoice over you with shouts of joy. (Zephaniah 3:17 NAS)
Therefore the LORD longs to be gracious to you, And therefore He waits on high to have compassion on you. For the LORD is a God of justice; How blessed are all those who long for Him. (Isaiah 30:18 NAS)
“The Rock! His work is perfect, For all His ways are just; A God of faithfulness and without injustice, Righteous and upright is He. (Deuteronomy 32:4 NAS)
You are the God who works wonders; You have made known Your strength among the peoples. (Psalm 77:14 NAS)
Your eyes are too pure to approve evil, And You can not look on wickedness with favor. Why do You look with favor On those who deal treacherously? Why are You silent when the wicked swallow up Those more righteous than they? (Habakkuk 1:13 NAS)
Instruct those who are rich in this present world not to be conceited or to fix their hope on the uncertainty of riches, but on God, who richly supplies us with all things to enjoy. (1 Timothy 6:17 NAS)
But God is the Judge; He puts down one and exalts another. (Psalm 75:7 NAS)
and from Jesus Christ, the faithful witness, the firstborn of the dead, and the ruler of the kings of the earth. To Him who loves us and released us from our sins by His blood — (Revelation 1:5 NAS)
“But the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in My name, He will teach you all things, and bring to your remembrance all that I said to you. (John 14:26 NAS)
The eyes of the LORD are in every place, Watching the evil and the good. (Proverbs 15:3 NAS)
Declaring the end from the beginning, And from ancient times things which have not been done, Saying, ‘My purpose will be established, And I will accomplish all My good pleasure’; (Isaiah 46:10 NAS)
He shall receive a blessing from the LORD And righteousness from the God of his salvation. (Psalm 24:5 NAS)
— for you shall not worship any other god, for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God — (Exodus 34:14 NAS)
The LORD is compassionate and gracious, Slow to anger and abounding in lovingkindness. (Psalm 103:8 NAS)
that if you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved; (Romans 10:9 NAS)
A father of the fatherless and a judge for the widows, Is God in His holy habitation. (Psalm 68:5 NAS)
God makes a home for the lonely; He leads out the prisoners into prosperity, Only the rebellious dwell in a parched land. (Psalm 68:6 NAS95)
Now to Him who is able to do far more abundantly beyond all that we ask or think, according to the power that works within us, to Him be the glory in the church and in Christ Jesus to all generations forever and ever. Amen. (Ephesians 3:20–21 NAS)
Now may the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that you will abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. (Romans 15:13 NAS)
Now to the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only God, be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen. (1 Timothy 1:17 NAS)
Now may the God of peace Himself sanctify you entirely; and may your spirit and soul and body be preserved complete, without blame at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Faithful is He who calls you, and He also will bring it to pass. (1 Thessalonians 5:23–24 NAS)
Now may our Lord Jesus Christ Himself and God our Father, who has loved us and given us eternal comfort and good hope by grace, comfort and strengthen your hearts in every good work and word. (2 Thessalonians 2:16–17 NAS)
Oh, the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! How unsearchable are His judgments and unfathomable His ways! (Romans 11:33 NAS)
For from Him and through Him and to Him are all things. To Him be the glory forever. Amen. (Romans 11:36 NAS)
and from Jesus Christ, the faithful witness, the firstborn of the dead, and the ruler of the kings of the earth. To Him who loves us and released us from our sins by His blood — and He has made us to be a kingdom, priests to His God and Father — to Him be the glory and the dominion forever and ever. Amen. (Revelation 1:5–6 NAS)
saying,   “Amen, blessing and glory and wisdom and thanksgiving and honor and power and might, be to our God forever and ever. Amen.” (Revelation 7:12 NAS)
And the peace of God, which surpasses all comprehension, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:7 NAS)
If we confess our sins, He is faithful and righteous to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. (1 John 1:9 NAS)
Therefore there is now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus. (Romans 8:1 NAS)
But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. (Romans 5:8 NAS)
As far as the east is from the west, So far has He removed our transgressions from us. (Psalm 103:12 NAS)
“I, even I, am the one who wipes out your transgressions for My own sake, And I will not remember your sins. (Isaiah 43:25 NAS)
Therefore if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creature; the old things passed away; behold, new things have come. (2 Corinthians 5:17 NAS)